hi guys and so I need to get really
really quickly because my boyfriend's
dick should come around from its Houston
minute unlike so I don't it could be
recording while just like sat next to me
it was kind of awkward but sorry hang on
and so right well compute has to do this
at the worst time so today I should
probably uh some title i'm going to be
reviewing the Rimmel fix and perfect pro
primer and this real question from quite
a lot of you for me to review it so and
I've decided I'm gonna do it on your
shoes my little review system and but
it's not gonna work for a primer so I'll
just you know go over the flow so
coverage it comes out well do coverage
in the distance d1 it comes out hang on
I don't wanna why it's not working
there's this like white kind of paste
and you put on a face and it basically
just like smooth everything out I've got
it on now and I think my makeup looks
really nice with it you can't really see
it very well because the lighting is
awful I just apologize about that
basically what time I get home now it's
at half past four and it's our five now
because I've obviously got ready and
stuff like person clothes on your
husband to eat and so basically change
my position of where I'm sitting and I'm
sitting right in front flat my button
line little on sweetie so there's like
the light is just the light bulb so it's
not really bright anyway so basically
i'm going to reviewing this so sorry
about the lighting but yeah this is just
what it looks like and so the coverage
in consistency is like that they're
awesome power it makes your foundation
last four years I used Estee Lauder
Double Wear foundation on a day to day
basis and obviously everyone knows that
that lasts like 10 years anyway and
that's so this just like basically
prolongs it and makes like that often
power even longer so were you really
amazing but for anything not any other
foundations it just like it's absolutely
amazing it makes it just exhale at every
single area and it's just like amazing
so does what it says it does it says
it's smoothies resurfaces Russians
mattifies and protects and so if I think
it does all of them in my opinion
definitely smooth is smooth it
definitely smooth and aren't you skin
your pores and everything definitely
resurfaces policy same thing
and definitely brightens your skin
obviously you can't see what no because
I have been met problem I'm trying to
translucent press powder over the top so
it's making my skin that really Matt and
but it definitely brought him just came
up when you put your foundation on and
mattifies as well and it makes
everything Matt and like the oil is
amazing with it I use the mac orbital
motion with this so obviously the oil
makes it even better and so the two
together we just thought I made them and
protects very know that means and but I
think it basically don't protect it
gives up a nice day in between your
foundation and your skin and so compares
a higher end of it is way better than
anyone I've ever ever tried and boy that
are the new Zod cosmetic know where the
mac makeup forever and any of the ones
that I've tried I just think this is
absolutely amazing and so yeah and the
price is only your antics pound seven
pounds and so I think this is absolutely
amazing so if you have the money
definitely going by this and so yep
that's all we have to say told you it'd
be quick and thank you for watching us
fictional soon bye guys